This is my final project code.  If you were running this from the start you would run image_conversion.py with the python command as it will take the two different data sets and convert them to png which is needed because OpenCV had compatability issues with CUDA so I used a PNG reader I found online.  This has alreayd been done for you so it is not necessary and the files are in a separate and appropirate folder.  The nn.cu file includes a library I found online which I included at the beginning of the code for easy run.  Scroll to the bottom separated by huge blank sapce to see the additional code to create the neural layers and which also calls the function to load in the png images.  run_nn.sh will run this code on each the dogs and horses for both of the different kernels.  Because I used discontinuous feature extraction, I have also already run this as it can take a while and outputs into the appropirate folders with nn1 and nn2 for the respective kernels. Finally, image_recognition.py will take the features and raw image and perform majority vote decsion fusion via nearest neighbors, trying out a variety of possible k and ouputting the accuracies.  The run_py.sh file will run this code as well as call the proper pip installs as necessary for the libraries.  However, depending on your OS and Python version, there can be issues pip installing opencv-python.  I have also included a screenshot of my output as well as my report and presentation in this folder as well for more information.

-Jared Seifter